WIP: Add governance.md (#3)
catalyst-network/Community: governance/playbooks/responses/blocked-needs-repro.md

> Thank you for taking the time to report this issue and helping to make Electron better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for taking the time to report this issue and helping to make Catalyst Network better.
```

> Would it be possible for you to fork [electron-quick-start](https://github.com/electron/electron-quick-start) for a small app that reproduces the issue by itself?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Would it be possible for you to fork [catalyst-framework-quick-start](https://github.com/catalyst-network/Catalyst.Framework#quick-start-guide) for a small app that reproduces the issue by itself?
```
